Add dependency analysis documentation from CoreRT (#63665)
dotnet/runtime: docs/workflow/debugging/coreclr/debugging-aot-compilers.md

```

This will launch the Visual Studio debugger, with a solution setup for debugging the dotnet.exe process. By default this solution will debug the native code of the process only. To debug the managed components, edit the properties on the solution and set the `Debugger Type` to `Managed (.NET Core, .NET 5+)` or `Mixed (.NET Core, .NET 5+)`.

> # Debugging application size
> 
> In order to troubleshoot resulting size of application produced by AOT compilers, you can follow [this guide](debuging-compiler-dependency-analysis.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Debugging compilation graph

The AOT compilation is driven by a dependency graph. If you need to troubleshoot the dependency graph (to figure out why something was or wasn't generated) you can follow [this guide](debuging-compiler-dependency-analysis.md)
```
